Ecclesiastes chapter 1 the words of the
preacher the son of David King in
Jerusalem vanity of vanities says the
preacher vanity of vanities all is
vanity what is the profit to a man in
all his labor which he labors under the
Sun the generation passes away and their
generation comes but the earth remains
forever the sun also rises and the Sun
Goes Down and hurries to its place where
it arose the wind goes toward the south
and it turns around to the north it
whirls around continually and the wind
returns on its circuits all the rivers
run into the sea yet the sea is not for
to the place from whether of us come
there they return again all things are
full of labor men cannot utter the eye
is not satisfied with seeing nor the air
filled with hearing that which has been
is that which shall be and that which
has been done is that which shall be
done and there is nothing new Under the
Sun is there a thing of which it may be
said see this is new it has already been
in days of old which were before us
there is no memory of former things and
also no memory of after things which
shall be for neither shall be a
remembrance of them with those who will
be at the afterwards either preacher was
king over Israel and Jerusalem and I
gave my heart to seek and search out by
wisdom concerning all which is done
under the heavens it is a sad ask God
has given to the sons of men to be
humbled by it I have seen all the works
that are done under the Sun and behold
all is vanity and vexation of spirit
what is crooked cannot be made straight
and that lacking cannot be numbered I
spoke with in my own heart sing low I
have become great and have gathered more
wisdom than all that have been before me
in Jerusalem yay my heart has seen much
of wisdom and knowledge and I gave my
heart to know wisdom and to know madness
and folly I know that this also is
versation of spirit far in much wisdom
is much grief and he who increases
knowledge increases sorrow